Husband asked your mother to coax her to sleep
What are you reading?
Go out husband
Why are you so fierce?
In seven years, you gave birth to Jing Rui
I gave your wife the ability
Is your wife's status not enough?
You ruined my innocence back then
You know I was pregnant out of wedlock
How many people have eroded and mocked the Qi family this year?
I don't want status
I just want your love
I told you so
I can't give you the love you want
The love you can't give me
What about my child?
The baby I got pregnant with in October
I can't take it with me all the time
Divorce anyone who can't stand it
Lin Yi
You are so cold-blooded, get out now
Don't make me repeat myself
What are you afraid of?
Oh.
Haha little trash
You are so useless!
Didn't you get bitten by a snake once?
But you are afraid of fake snakes